when the female reappears it becomes
clear that the proximity of livestock is
not the real reason she's here so I was
concentrating on getting shots of the
Snow Leopard and this always stood by my
side and me when there's another one I'm
going to shut up
sliced not he said there's another Snow
Leopard that's going what I need to see
the Snow Leopard moving inside the cave
and then suddenly from that Hall pops
out this face and you could see it was a
juvenile it just had this lost look
about it and I was in fits I mean I was
like jumping up and down and Marcos me
oh my god oh my god nippy framer let me
frame the next time mark and nasarah
find them the young male cub has grown
in confidence and is venturing further
from the cave he seems to have taken a
dislike to the local Magpies
he was learning everything he was doing
he was mimicking the mother and she
doesn't like Magpies either but he was
looking at them as playful things she
probably considers them you know
nuisance there is playtime and then
there are times when a young snow
leopard needs to pay proper attention
whenever she went hunting there was this
amazing communication between them where
she'd take a few steps he'd start
following and then she'd just turn
around and look at him like and he just
look at her and just slink away and go
back and sit in the cave obviously there
was a training going on which was not
hands-on was look but don't come near me
a one-year-old cub needs as much food as
its mother with two mouths to feed the
female is under pressure to kill
regularly news of an even more brazen
attack on local livestock is of great
concern to Nyssa yeah this is the idea
when she came in she pushed the door
open and the minute she did that the
leopard jumped out yeah pushed her back
she fell down and fainted and the
leopard took off this one's actually
been eaten from the back it's pretty
gory right now
nice Arno's a killing spree so close to
where the mother is hunting is dangerous
she'll be blamed even if she's not the
culprit I'll say never money that if he
goes up again with his livestock and the
the leopard comes back what is he gonna
do and he's he's saying that I'll just
have to shoot